(explosions)
(crackling)
(rumbling)
(men shouting in Japanese)
(men speaking Japanese)
(men laughing)
-(loud whooshing)
-(screams)
(men shouting in Japanese)
(speaking Japanese)
(men speaking Japanese)
(loud whooshing)
(wind whistling)
(people gasping)
WOMAN (on TV): Last night the FAA
was forced to ground all aircraft,
leaving thousands stranded,
when electronic failures
and mysterious power outages
crippled the western United States.
But the big story today, the much
anticipated wedding of fantastic couple
Reed Richards and Susan Storm
will take place this Saturday.
BEN: Okay, kids, I'm gonna
give you something special.
It's called Thing dust.
-Okay, great!
-Unbelievable.
Bizarre anomalies have been
occurring all over the world,
-defying every known law of physics.
-Cool!
And all the media want to know about is
what china pattern Sue and I picked out.
Hey, which one did you pick?
The blue ones with them little flowers?
-I really liked them.
-Excuse me. Would you mind--
It's happening again, isn't it?
-BEN: Yeah, sure, sure.
-No.
We're not postponing anything,
not this time.
This is gonna be the wedding
you've always dreamed of.
And I'm not gonna let anything
get in the way of that.
Not even the mysterious transformation
of matter at the subatomic level.
That's the most romantic thing
you've ever said to me.
(chuckles) Which is really
pathetic when you think about it.
Dr. Richards, I'm very sorry,
but it seems we're overbooked.
We do have some seats
available in coach though.
Okay, here we go.
-Smile!
-Awesome!
Look, Mom!
-Let me get one more.
-That should be fine.
Uh, that's my seat.
Sorry.
(grunting)
Uh, excuse me.
What do you guys think about trying
to get an endorsement from an airline?
-Get us a private jet.
-I think we have enough endorsement deals.
(laughing) That is funny.
No, but seriously. Reed, it could help you
subsidize all your little inventions.
-No, thanks.
-Excuse me.
Consider it. I'll talk to you guys later.
-Johnny, where are you going?
-I don't fly coach.
I hope it rains.
REPORTER: The snowfall came
with no warning, no temperature change,
and covered the pyramids
in two inches of snow.
And in Japan, some are suggesting
the solidification of the bay was due
to underwater volcanic activity,
although no such activity has
ever been reported in the area.
Scientists have ruled out global warming
as the cause of the
extraordinary climatic events
being reported around the globe.
With scientists unable to explain
the extraordinary events,
some are beginning to wonder
if the hand of God is at work.
Now in other news, Reed Richards
and Susan Storm's wedding
has Manhattan all abuzz.
The guest list includes many
of New York's power elite.
Hey, honey.
The city's trying to charge us for three
squad cars they say we destroyed.
It was during that armored car robbery,
but I only remember
two squad cars getting thrown.
Mm-hm.
Reed.
All right, all right, all right.
I'm putting it away.
You were saying?
I have a fitting in a half an hour,
the musicians after that,
and I haven't even picked out
place settings or the flowers.
-There's just too much to do.
-Hey, don't worry about it.
I'm sure, between the two of us,
we'll get it all done.
And what were you doing
when I just walked in?
I was inputting my to-do list.
-Really?
-Scouts' honor.
Hey, guys, new uniforms just showed up.
-What do you think?
-Ugh.
I think there's no way
we're wearing that, Johnny.
What do you have against capitalism?
-What's this?
-Just a little hobby of mine.
Yeah? Would it make a good toy
or is it something, uh, science-y?
-A little of both.
-Uh-uh.
You know, I've always been
both impressed and disgusted at that.
Yeah, Sue says I'm addicted to it.
I wonder why she'd say that.
Hey, Johnny.
Keep it quiet, but, uh,
I've cross-referenced and analyzed
the global disturbances.
They're being caused by cosmic radiation,
not unlike the kind
which gave us our powers.
Wow, that's really boring.
So, listen, I have a very important
wedding issue I need to talk to you about.
Yeah, of course.
Your bachelor party.
(chuckles) No. Seriously, Johnny.
-John.
-Huh?
Focus testing showed that
"Johnny" skewed a little young.
Seriously, Johnny, no bachelor party.
It's just not my kind of thing.
Then do it for Ben.
It means a lot to the big guy.
You're gonna break his heart.
He does have some sort
of rock-like heart, doesn't he?
I've got too much to do
before the wedding.
Frankly, I think Sue might
have a problem with it.
You know what I think Sue
would have a problem with?
If somebody told her that
you were actually investigating
global disturbances
and cosmic radiation
instead of actually focusing
on the wedding, like you promised.
-A bachelor party could be fun.
-Yes!
-But no exotic dancers.
-(sighs)
(loud whooshing)
-(distant siren wailing)
-(rap music playing)
-(rap music playing loudly)
-(people chattering)
-This is it?
-I don't know anybody here.
Yeah, I would have invited some of your
friends, but you really don't have any.
Hey!
Johnny, we had a deal.
They're not exotic dancers.
They're just hot.
You're Mr. Fantastic, aren't you?
That's so awesome. (giggles)
Wow. You're really cute.
I'm gonna need a pitcher
with the biggest handle you've got.
No problem.
Good evening and welcome
to the Baxter, uh--
C-Can I help you?
No, you can't use that ele--
Ms. Storm will be with you shortly.
Hello?
Thanks, Roberta.
-May I help you?
-We're here to see Dr. Richards.
I'm sorry.
He isn't here right now.
-Is there anything I can help you with?
-Yes.
You can take me to see Dr. Richards.
Okay.
(pop music playing loudly)
(belching loudly)
Whoa!
Sorry.
(grunting) Right here.
When the universe began,
it was no bigger than a marble.
And then bam-- It exploded.
And in a trillionth of a second,
it expanded exponentially
to what became the universe
we know today.
Wow. You're really smart.
Well, thanks, Candy.
That means a lot to me.
-(pop music playing)
-(cheering)
-I love this song. You want to dance?
-No, I don't, really.
-Yes, you do. Come on.
-No, no, honestly. No, no, no, no, please.
-I don't want to embarrass you guys.
-(cheering)
Just loosen up!
Have some fun!
That's it.
Yeah. Whoo!
(crowd gasping)
-Guy really knows how to loosen up.
-You're not kidding.
(screaming)
-There he is.
-Yes.
Unfortunately.
(laughing)
For him.
Shall we?
Think it might be clobberin' time.
Sue. What are you--
-General Hager.
-Let's talk somewhere private.
Unless you need to do Jell-O shots
off someone's stomach.
I was just explaining to the girls
about how the Big Bang led to--
This was Johnny's idea.
I just went along.
How does Reed know the general?
A few years back, the guy was trying
to push a new missile defense system.
Reed testified that
the technology wouldn't work.
I'm only here, Richards,
because I'm under direct orders
from the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Personally, I don't like the idea
of sharing sensitive information
with a civilian scientist, especially one
who enjoys the public spotlight so much.
Always a pleasure
to see you too, General.
What can I do for you?
As you may know, there have been recent
unusual occurrences all over the world.
Officially, we've downplayed
their significance to the public,
but we're concerned that these...
anomalies might pose a credible threat
to our national security.
These were taken by one
of our spy satellites three days ago.
What is it?
We were hoping
Dr. Richards could tell us.
I'm afraid I've never
seen anything like it.
Ben?
Well, I would say that it was a meteor,
but the trail's all wrong.
This thing's giving off its own energy.
Take a look at this.
These have been appearing
in remote areas
throughout the world
since the events started.
Field personnel estimate
its diameter to be 200 meters.
HAGER: If we're gonna find out
what this is all about,
we need a way to locate
and intercept that object.
It'd be possible to build a sensor,
tie it into the Baxter Building
satellite grid.
And we can pinpoint
the exact location of the object.
Good, so then you'll build the sensor
for us, we'll tie that to the--
I'm afraid I can't.
What?
You see, I'm getting
married this Saturday.
I just don't have the time.
Richards, your country
needs your help.
Look, why don't you call
Professor Jeff Wagner?
He's head of the physics department
at Brown. I'm sure he can help you.
I expected more, Richards.
Even from you.
(tires screeching)
-(dance music playing)
-(people clamoring)
(cameras clicking)
John Storm--
Fantastic Four, Incorporated.
-You ever done any professional modeling?
-Not interested.
-'Cause you got an amazing complexion.
-Wow, and you...
-(car doors shutting)
-...just walked away.
-(tires screeching)
I was definitely still talking.
I can't believe you just
turned down a science project.
They can build a sensor without me.
The most important thing
right now is our wedding.
-No postponements, no interruptions.
-Thank you.
And, look, about what you saw
back at the bar--
Don't worry about it.
I know you.
I'm glad you had fun.
Thank you.
Besides, it was nothing compared
to what I did at my bachelorette party.
(chuckles)
Talk about wild.
Wild?
(grinder whirring)
Come on!
(low grunt)
(long, low exhale)
-(booming whoosh)
-(yelling)
(low grunting)
(low mechanical whirring)
Hey, what are you doing up here?
Nothing.
Just, uh, needed some air.
You're making that thing
for the general, aren't you?
I'm guessing Susie doesn't
know anything about it.
Don't worry.
My lips are sealed.
That is, they would be if I had any.
(chuckles)
-Look, uh, don't tell Johnny.
-(flames whoosh)
-Don't tell Johnny what?
-Great.
-Are you building that thing?
-No, it--
(chuckles) If Sue finds out, you're
gonna get an invisible kick in the nuts.
-Hey, hey, hey. We're keeping this quiet.
-I know.
BEN: Don't worry.
They're calling it
the wedding of the century.
Reed Richards and Susan Storm,
also known as Mr. Fantastic
and the Invisible Woman,
will try again to tie the knot today
in a private ceremony
in New York. Already--
-(crowd clamoring)
-(siren chirps)
-(crowd cheering, shouting)
-Johnny!
-Look at these parasites.
-It's unbelievable.
Have they no shame?
JOHNNY: Hey, hey.
Listen, listen, everybody.
This is a very special day for my sister.
This is probably the most
important day of her life.
So I just want to say to you guys,
please respect our privacy.
-(reporters clamoring)
-Come on, Johnny!
(chuckles) I'm just kidding.
We're gonna be auctioning off
the exclusive wedding photos
to the highest bidder.
So go online and place your bids.
Thank you.
Johnny! Are you--
So what's it take
to date the Human Torch?
Fireproof lingerie and a lot of aloe.
(chuckles) Thank you.
(lively chamber music playing)
(chattering)
I'm fine. How are you?
Uh, invitation, sir.
(chuckles) Um, I should be on that list.
-Name?
-Stan Lee.
Yeah, uh, nice try,
buddy, nice try.
No, no, really. I-I-I'm Stan Lee.
This isn't how I imagined it.
-It never is.
-No, Alicia.
It just doesn't feel right.
Sweetie...
I think even superheroes are allowed
to have wedding day jitters.
It's more than that.
Is my life always gonna be a circus?
Do we really want to
raise kids in all this?
Face it, we're not exactly normal.
(chuckles)
Ben and I aren't normal,
but we don't let it get
in the way of us being happy.
Do you love Reed?
More than I've ever loved anyone.
Then you have nothing to worry about.
-Thank you.
-(laughs)
(sniffles) Okay.
(Alicia laughs)
-Oh, great.
-What?
-I've got a zit.
-Can't you put makeup on it?
No, no, I got it. Crisis averted.
Now all I have to do is concentrate
on that area continuously
for the next eight hours.
(clinking)
Reed, come on--
You're gonna miss your own wedding.
Just a minute.
Almost done.
General, I'm putting
the sensor on line...
-(beeping)
-...now.
(deep electronic groan)
There. If there's a surge in cosmic
radiation anywhere on the planet,
-you'll know about it.
-Let's hope so, Richards.
We've already gotten reports
of two more craters.
♪ Here comes the bride ♪
All right, all right, all right.
Just linking it to my PDA.
-(grumbles quietly)
-And, uh, that's it.
Good. That's great.
Now, would you shave and put on your tux?
You're getting married in an hour,
and you look like a bum.
Absolutely.
What?
(soft chuckle)
I'm getting married.
(laughs)
-Oh!
-Oh, geez!
I'm getting married.
I heard of getting cold feet--
Okay.
-Hey, Johnny.
-(exhales) Wow!
(laughs) Does that
amaze anyone else?
How did she know it was me?
I didn't say anything!
Well, to be honest,
you kind of smell like ash.
-(chuckles) You're late.
-Oh, let's not make today about me.
It's Reed and Sue's big day.
Let's give them
the attention for a change.
-Ow!
-Oh! Don't do that.
(chuckles)
-Okay, you're perfect.
-You're perfect.
I'll see you upstairs.
Bye, Johnny.
(sighs)
So, it seems like you
and Alicia are doing well.
-Annoyingly so, in fact.
-Yeah. I'm a lucky guy.
Yeah, you are.
Question for you though.
How do you guys, um--
(snaps fingers)
That's none of your business!
Okay, all right.
I'm just concerned.
I'd hate to wake up one morning and
find out she was killed in a rock slide.
I'll show you a rock slide!
(overlapping, indistinct voices)
(mechanical whirring)
(beeping)
(overlapping, indistinct voices continue)
(long, quiet exhale)
(deep, breathy voice)
What are you?
Oh. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Johnny. (chuckles)
-You shouldn't tease him so much.
-It was a joke.
I don't know. I think it bothers you
to see him really happy and in love.
I think you're jealous.
-You think I'm jealous?
-Mm-hm.
Have you seen
the women I've dated?
No. (laughs)
You can only fool yourself
but for so long, Torch.
Ta-da!
-Hey! It's the bride of stretchy man.
-Don't start.
Eh, don't listen to him.
You look gorgeous.
-Thanks.
-I'll see you out there, sweetie.
-Come on.
-Okay.
-We're on.
-Okay. Okay.
You know, you don't look
completely ridiculous in that dress.
Is that obnoxious brother talk
for "You look kind of nice"?
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
(chuckles)
(sighs)
Dad would be proud.
(quietly) Yeah.
(helicopter whirring)
(Pachelbel's "Canon in D major" playing)
(indistinct talking, whispering)
(beeping)
-(beeping)
-Reed, will you shut your cell phone off?
-Actually this is a--
-("Wedding March" begins)
(gasps, quiet chatter)
(sighs, chuckles)
(sniffling)
Dearly beloved,
we are gathered here today to--
(helicopter whirring)
MAN (over loudspeaker): Sue and Reed,
congratulations on your wedding!
(laughs softly)
Where was I?
Uh-- Oh, yeah.
Dearly beloved,
we are gathered here today
to join this couple,
Reed Richards and Susan Storm...
-(blows nose loudly)
-(beeping)
-...in the bond of holy
matri... mony.
I can't believe you actually
brought that thing to our wedding!
I know, but there's a good reason.
We have to get through this quickly.
-Oh, that's romantic.
-Should I continue?
Yes, please.
There are many kinds of love--
-Could you skip to the end, please?
-Reed!
-Excuse me?
-(PDA beeping)
-(jackhammer stops)
-What happened?
(chattering)
(beeping)
We've lost power!
We're going down! We're going down!
It's too late.
(people gasping)
-Pull up! Pull up!
-I'm trying! I'm trying!
(yelling, shouting)
Ben!
-(tail rotor clattering)
-(Ben grunting)
(excited chatter)
-Johnny.
-This is Dolce.
(groans)
Flame on!
(exhales)
(crying)
(quiet chatter)
Man, he's fast.
Huh? (yells)
(reverberating rumble)
Aw, that is cool.
-(whooshing)
-Whoa!
Yo, taxi!
-(horn honking)
(grunts)
Show-off.
-(people gasp)
-(horn honks)
(Johnny grunting)
Time to end this.
(yells)
(choked, high-pitched) Can we talk?
(choking, gasping)
Okay. You win.
(grunts) Flame on!
Come on! Flame on!
Whoa!
(grunts)
(grunting)
(men shouting
in foreign language)
(coughing)
(Johnny exhales)
(grunts)
(exhausted panting)
(braying, grunting)
Hey.
(deep, distorted hum)
Your herald summons you.
Another world awaits.
Let it be done quickly.
(whooshing)
It looked like a man,
but completely covered in silver,
and it was flying this, like--
like, a surfboard type thing.
-I know that sounds crazy.
-Oh, no, not at all.
So, did you follow the shiny man
to Lollipop Land or to Rainbow Junction?
-Look, I know what I saw.
-Thank you. It's all right, Johnny.
Whatever this thing's
physical appearance is,
it has the ability to convert matter
and energy.
So it caused the anomalies.
It seems to radiate cosmic energy when it
exerts itself, randomly affecting matter.
Evidently this entity, this...
...Silver Surfer...
didn't want to be detected.
-It destroyed the sensor.
-It knew it was being monitored?
And traced it back here.
We're dealing with something
highly resourceful.
(groans)
-(exhales)
-Are you feeling okay?
Yeah. I just--
I got to walk this off.
We have to destroy this thing
before it attacks again.
Richards, find me another way to track it.
(elevator bell dings)
(exhales)
Sue, I am so sorry.
The only reason I didn't tell you about it
is because I didn't want you to worry.
I'm not mad that you built the sensor.
It was the right thing to do.
Oh, great.
-(whoosh)
-I wasn't finished.
(distorted) Okay, sorry.
Please continue.
See, this proves exactly what
I've been saying all along.
-Could you drop the force field, please?
-We can't even-- Oh, sorry.
We can't even have a wedding
without it turning into World War III.
I know. But once we are married,
everything will be back to normal.
We will never have normal lives
as long as we do what we do.
How could we possibly
raise a family like this?
I'm going to--
I'm going to go check on Johnny.
(exhales)
(distant siren wails)
Johnny?
-(whooshing)
-Whoa!
(loud grunt)
-(car alarm blaring)
-Hey, are you all right, pal?
-(Johnny groaning)
-Is he all right?
Johnny?
Johnny, are you okay?
(weakly) I don't know.
I feel really strange since
my run-in with surfer boy.
-Maybe we should get you checked out.
-(Johnny grunts)
-Why'd you do that?
-I didn't do anything!
Stop, drop and roll!
-Stop, drop and roll!
-(screaming)
-Oh, my God! Sue!
-(continues screaming)
Just hang on.
I'll get you, okay?
Flame on!
-(woman yells)
-JOHNNY: Hey, watch it.
-(man grunts)
-Whoa!
(muffled screaming)
SUE: Reed! Reed! Help!
-Sue?
-I'm on fire! Reed!
-Sue! What's going on?
-I'm on fire!
-You're on fire!
-Ya think?
-Hold on.
-Pull me in! (screams)
Help! (screaming)
-Hey, it's the Human Torch!
-Johnny!
-I'm not Johnny!
-Sue, how did this happen?
I touched Johnny, and then this!
-Well, where is Johnny?
-JOHNNY: Here.
-Try it again.
-Get me down!
(gasping)
-(wolf whistle)
-Nice!
Hey, get out of there.
Sue, your clothes.
(gasps) Why does this
always happen to me?
REED: All of Sue's results are normal.
-But Johnny's--
-Johnny's are what?
Your encounter with the Surfer
has affected your molecules.
They're in a constant state of flux.
(inhales) Is that bad?
Well, it caused you to temporarily
switch powers with Sue.
-Ideally, I'd like to run some more tests.
-Would you like a volunteer?
-No, no, no!
No, no! Hey!
This is serious.
I just wanted to give him a hug.
We don't know the extent
of his condition yet.
It could be progressive,
it could be degenerative.
-It could be fun.
-No, Ben!
-Ben!
-Whoa! Hey!
Hey, it's me. I'm back!
Oh, my God!
Come on! We just said this is serious!
Oh, yeah, serious. (laughing)
-Oh, you got to be kidding me!
-(laughing)
-Hey, not bad.
-Incredible.
-Reed, you better be able to fix this.
-I'm right on it.
-Trust--
-Ben, stop it!
I'm starting to see
why you like that. Ha!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
(both grunt)
Aw, crap!
That's not funny.
What am I supposed
to do in the meantime?
Just, uh, try to keep
your distance from us.
You and me are gonna be spending
a whole lot of time together, pal.
(chuckles)
My inside sources are telling me
that the unlucky bride-to-be, Sue Storm,
turned invisible, and it seems
she's staying that way
after yesterday's
embarrassing fiasco.
Coming up next, the Invisible Woman's
greatest fashion blunders
and an impromptu dance routine
from former scientist Reed Richards.
Sue, why do you keep watching this?
Just ignore it.
I can't ignore it, Reed.
There's no getting away from it.
-I believe there is.
-How?
(sighs)
See? No answer.
Yes, there is.
What if, after this crisis is over...
...we leave it all behind?
SUE: What are you talking about?
We move out
of the Baxter Building.
I'll take a teaching position somewhere,
get back to my research,
and the two of us will live our lives
and raise a family like normal people.
You would do that?
Nothing's more important to me
than our future together.
Oh, thank you.
(laughs)
What about Ben and Johnny?
Well, they'll understand.
Besides, Johnny's always
been more of a solo act.
SUE: Let's not mention it to them yet.
Johnny's got enough
to worry about as it is,
with his power problems.
You've been busy, my friend.
Your talents are impressive.
Can you understand what I'm saying?
Together, we could be unstoppable.
Anything would be ours for the taking.
All that you know is at an end.
What do you mean by that?
Wait! I said wait!
(deep whooshing)
(grunts, groans)
(groaning, mumbling)
(chuckles)
-They're breaking up the team.
-Huh?
Reed and Sue--
I just overheard them.
They want a nice, normal, boring-ass life.
No more Fantastic Four.
Well, what do they expect us to do,
keep it going, just the two of us?
And call ourselves what,
the Dynamic Duo?
When were they gonna tell us?
They'll tell you when
they're ready to tell you.
It's their decision, not yours.
You can't be mad at them
for doing what makes them happy.
(door opens)
Guys, we've got a serious problem.
I've been cross-referencing
the Surfer's radiation
through every
astronomical database.
Altair 7, Rigel 3, Vega 6.
He's been to all these planets?
And now they're lifeless, barren,
some even shattered.
Everywhere the Surfer goes,
eight days later, the planet dies.
And how are we gonna stop him?
We don't even know where he is.
What about the craters?
REED: They're appearing
in a numerical sequence.
The last crater
was formed in Greenland,
so the next in the
sequence should be...
latitude: 51 degrees,
30 minutes north;
longitude: zero degrees,
seven minutes west.
When he surfaces, you've got
to move the fight away from the crowd.
No, he's too fast to be contained.
When I see silver, I'm hitting him.
REED: Wait, you can't do that.
We've got to stick to the
plan and work as a team.
Oh, so we're a team now?
That's news to me.
-What are you talking about?
-You know what I'm talking about.
-Look, we were gonna tell you guys--
-When were you gonna tell us,
when you moved our stuff
out of the Baxter Building?
Johnny, this really isn't a good time.
Kid's got a point, Reed.
You should've told us.
All right, all right! That's enough!
We'll talk about this later.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
(excited chatter)
WOMAN: Look!
There's a whirlpool!
Oh, my God!
-(excited chatter, gasping)
-What is that?
(wires snapping)
(screaming)
(rumbling)
-(deep creaking)
-(wire snaps)
Get out! Get out!
(deep creaking)
(creaking)
(straining)
(strained grunt)
-Don't let go!
-(grunting)
-Move!
-Come on! Go!
(rumbling, booming)
(people gasping)
No, Johnny!
-(screaming)
-Daddy!
(grunts, groans)
(gasps)
(panicked shouts)
-(gasps)
-Guys?
What are you doing?
Ben! Lift it higher!
(grunting) I'll try.
(strained grunting)
(grunts)
(weak groan)
-Oh!
(panting)
(indistinct chatter)
Sue!
-(Sue groans)
-Whoa! Hey!
Stay back before you get somebody killed.
Oh, my God.
What the hell was that?
We'll make adjustments.
Next time we'll be ready.
Next time--
There's no next time.
You can't handle this alone.
That's why I'm bringing in some help.
General, you bring in more
soldiers and weaponry,
you're gonna put
innocent people in danger.
MAN: No more than you already have.
Victor.
(laughs) What's the matter?
Afraid of ghosts?
(fierce roar)
-Look out!
-Don't move!
Since you're a ghost, you won't mind
if I break your little neck.
-Let him go.
-Don't you know who that is?
He's Victor Von Doom.
He's here under my orders.
(gasping, grunting)
Ben, let him go.
(gagging, coughing)
How is this possible?
(coughing)
How are you still alive?
No thanks to you four,
that's for certain.
Von Doom's made contact with the alien.
He's got valuable information.
Information that might
just help save the planet.
Now, let's be clear about this, shall we?
I hate you.
All of you.
But the world's at stake,
and we need to work
together to survive.
General, we know firsthand--
you trust Victor,
and you're gonna regret it.
So far the only one I've regretted
trusting here is you, Richards.
Reed, don't agree to this.
Let's see what he's got.
VICTOR: I made a detailed
recording of our little encounter.
SILVER SURFER:
All that you know is at an end.
Well?
I like the part where he
knocks you on your ass.
Look at where the energy levels surge
when he attacks me.
There. You see
what happened?
REED: The energy was
channeled through him,
but it originated from his board.
If we can separate him from the board,
we can cut off his power completely.
-And that's what we have to do.
-How?
If I knew that, I wouldn't need
you people, would I?
You two should get started right away.
I'm glad we have the opportunity
to collaborate again.
I'll try to talk slowly
so you can keep up.
(pats shoulder)
How can we be working
on the same side as Victor?
You got me, pal. Things were a lot simpler
when I could just whale on the guy.
-Oh!
-(excited chatter)
(chatter quiets down)
-I'll pay for that.
-MAN: You better.
I got to tell you, Ben, I'm starting
to feel like a complete screw-up.
Hey, hey, you're not
a complete screw-up.
-Thank you.
-Look, kid, it's out of our hands.
-It's up to the eggheads now.
-You think Reed's right?
About the whole
end-of-the-world thing?
He's never been wrong about
this kind of thing before.
Well, I'm not exactly a deep kind of guy.
Really.
But if Reed's right and this is it...
...how do you want to spend
your last few minutes?
Part of me would like to go out fighting.
(chuckles) But the truth is,
I'd like to spend my last couple
of minutes holding Alicia.
That sounds pretty good.
I mean, not
the holding-Alicia thing--
That's, you know,
your girlfriend, not mine.
I want nothing to do with her.
Not to say that she's not attractive.
She's very attractive.
I mean, she's, you know, so attractive.
Even with the, you know--
I can't even think of a guy
that wouldn't want to--
What I meant...
...was that it's just nice
to have somebody.
-Well, you got me, pal.
-Ah.
-(typing)
-(beeping)
-How's it going?
-I can't find the link.
-It's gonna be all right. You have--
-No, it won't be!
The whole world's counting on me,
and I just--
Reed, you're gonna find the answer.
You always do.
-Yeah, thanks, Sue.
-You just need to relax.
-Yeah, right.
-You do.
-(loud thud)
-Reed, you need to relax.
-Take a deep breath.
-(exhales)
-Slower.
There you go.
Come on. Again.
See? I can already
feel your pulse slowing down.
Mmm. Do you remember
that time in school--
-A pulse.
-Huh?
A tachyon pulse. Oh, I love you.
Glad I could help.
(beeps)
HAGER: So exactly how
does this thing work?
REED: When we
activate the field,
it'll separate him from his board,
making him powerless.
It's like a fish in a net.
-Yeah.
-In theory, anyway.
-How long before this is operational?
-Three hours.
I know, I can only go so fast, since
apparently I'm working by myself now.
What do you need
to make this happen?
Actually, there are a couple of things.
(continues talking indistinctly)
(beeping)
What are you doing?
Don't you knock?
You're supposed to be
helping Reed in the lab.
Tell him not to worry.
I'll be there to hold his hand
and finish his little project for him.
-Anything else?
-How'd you do it?
How'd you come back?
(chuckles)
Scares you, doesn't it?
Hmm?
The things I can do.
Did you know I could create a force field
inside someone's body
and expand it until they explode?
Give it your best shot.
Just get back to the lab.
Mr. Storm.
We're heading to intercept the Surfer
in ten minutes, with or without you.
Were you just waiting outside the bathroom
to try and catch me in a towel?
(sizzling)
That was a joke. I was joking.
Why are you so down on me?
You don't even know me.
Actually, I know you very well.
I read your personality profile.
Confident, reckless, irresponsible,
self-obsessed, bordering on narcissism.
(chuckles)
Okay, so you do know me.
All I've seen is a guy that
almost got his team killed.
Okay. I've been a little
off my game lately.
This is not a game.
Sir, he's holding his position
north of here.
-Good.
-General, give us a one-mile perimeter.
Forget it, Richards.
You had your shot, and you blew it.
This is a military operation now,
so jam the signal,
get out of the way,
and let us do our job.
-You don't understand.
-No, you don't understand.
So let me make it clear for you
and your pack of freaks here.
I'm the quarterback.
You're on my team.
Got it?
But I guess you never played
football in high school.
Did you, Richards?
No, you're right. I didn't.
I stayed in and studied
like a good little nerd.
And 15 years later, I'm one of the
greatest minds of the 21st century,
I'm engaged to the hottest girl
on the planet.
And the big jock who played quarterback
in high school,
well, he's standing right in front of me,
asking me for my help.
And I say he's not gonna
get a damn thing
unless he does exactly what I tell him
and starts treating my friends and me
with some respect.
Give him what he wants.
-I'm so hot for you right now.
-Me too!
REED: Careful, Johnny.
All right. Let's go to work.
This is it.
You have your coordinates.
Set up your posts
and rendezvous back here.
First squad, move out!
-(indistinct radio transmission)
-(men chattering)
(high-pitched whirring)
(roaring)
Hey. You scared me there, Smokey.
Look at you. You're cute.
(roaring)
(whimpers)
Yeah, that's right.
Keep running, Boo-Boo!
(whimpering)
Overgrown fur ball.
-What's your status?
-BEN: Yeah, I'm good to go.
-Same here.
-Almost there.
(trees creaking)
(gasps)
Guys, we have a problem.
-REED: What's wrong?
-He's here.
REED: Get out here. Right now!
Why are you destroying our planet?
I have no choice.
-Sue!
-Wait!
What do you mean
you don't have a choice?
There's always a choice.
Not always.
Why are you trying to destroy us?
I am not the destroyer.
HAGER: Come on, Richards.
Just jam the damn signal.
Maybe he needs a little persuasion.
-Ready!
-MAN: Fire one over the top.
Roger, out.
-Open fire.
-Open fire!
Fire! Repeat: open fire!
Fall back! Fall back!
(screaming)
-Let me just--
-No, wait.
Reed.
REED: Come on, Sue.
All right. It's up.
Reed.
-Got him.
-(rumbling)
Not so tough now, are you?
(chuckles)
Victor, stay back.
You're the quarterback.
(vehicles approaching)
Ah.
Eyes on!
Keep your weapons trained!
-Run your weapons tight!
-Perimeter secure!
Move him out.
(dog barking)
Open the gate.
(men talking)
(dog continues barking)
-But, General, we had an agreement.
-Calm down.
The enemy has been captured--
mission accomplished.
-Where is he?
-Contained.
MAN: General.
Mr. Sherman.
If you'll excuse us,
we have work to do.
-I want to be there for the questioning.
-That's not gonna happen.
Please make sure our guests
remain here comfortably.
-MAN: Yes, sir.
-(door slams)
General, what about the board?
It's in a chamber which continuously
scrambles the signal.
There are certain things
I'm not permitted to do
because they're considered
human rights violations.
Fortunately, you're not human.
Are we prisoners?
(chuckles) How did that happen?
Apparently, they don't want us
interfering with their methods.
I can't even imagine what
they're doing to him in there.
-I say he gets what he deserves.
-How can you say that?
I'm just saying that maybe
the general is right about this.
The guy was about to destroy the planet.
He said so himself.
But it doesn't make any sense.
He protected me from the missile.
-Why would he do that?
-Maybe he thinks you're cute.
There's a lot more going on here.
He said he wasn't the destroyer.
Uh, maybe he lied.
We need to get inside there
and talk to him.
But under the radar.
Hey, uh, is there any way
we can get some DVDs
or popcorn or something,
just to pass the time?
-I'll call it in, Mr. Storm.
-Great. Thank you. Semper fi.
That's the marine corps.
We're the army.
Right. I know. It's the army.
COMPUTERIZED VOICE:
Captain Raye, access granted.
General, Von Doom
wants to speak with you.
You should really be
a little more cooperative.
Mr. Sherman, let's take a break.
I know you are there.
What's your name?
Come on.
You must have a name.
I'm Susan.
You said you weren't the one
trying to destroy our world.
Then who is?
-The one I serve.
-Who do you serve?
Look, I'm trying to help you.
But in order to do that,
you have to tell me the truth.
Please.
It is known by many names.
My people called it...
Galactus.
The devourer of worlds.
It must feed on energy to survive,
both thermal and organic.
-How could you willingly serve this thing?
-Because I must.
Doesn't it bother you? All the worlds
and innocent people you've helped destroy?
My service spares my world...
and the one I love.
Why did you try to protect me?
Because...
...you remind me of her.
(door opens)
Could you stop the destroyer
if you wanted to?
It is not I who draws the destroyer here.
-It is the beacon.
-What's the beacon?
-The source of my power.
-Your board?
Take joy in the last few hours
you have left,
for he is nearly here.
(loud rumbling)
Well, I helped deliver
the alien to you as promised.
Now it's time to keep
your end of the bargain.
You can do your tests on the board.
But under armed guard
and in my presence only.
Absolutely.
COMPUTERIZED VOICE:
General Hager, access granted.
And the board
is what's drawing it here.
How do you fight something
that can eat planets?
We have to get to the board and lead it
away from here before it's too late.
Well, do you think the general
will go for that?
He'll have no choice.
VICTOR: Thank you, General.
But I'm afraid, the truth is...
...that sometimes Reed is right.
What?
Hey, you, come here.
Let me ask you something.
(beeping)
(gunshots)
Nice.
Aw, crap.
Ben!
Okay, that one hurt.
Where's Reed?
REED (muffled): Back here.
My bad.
SUE: Reed.
Victor. We've got to get it back.
We need to get the Surfer.
He's the only one
that understands its power.
Even if we break him out of this place,
how are we gonna catch up to Victor?
Leave that to me.
(beeping)
(jet engine starting)
(rockets firing)
-Halt! Don't move!
-Stay where you are!
(both groaning)
Pal, this is the
luckiest day of your life.
What the hell is going on?
-Where is General Hager?
-He's dead.
If we don't get him out of here,
we're all gonna be.
Frankie--
The world is literally at stake here.
You have to trust us.
Please.
REED: We need to get to the roof.
-It should be here by now.
-What should be here?
-Holy crap.
-Reed.
This is by far the coolest thing
you have ever done!
(laughing)
-(engine revving)
-Hemi?
Course.
Okay, Ben, you get inside.
Johnny, you fly behind us.
-Dude, you gotta let me fly this thing.
-Forget about it.
I'm the best pilot here.
I should drive.
-JOHNNY: Are you serious?
-Guys!
We'll be lucky if this thing can
carry you!
-I can fly circles around you blindfolded.
-Guys!
Ah, shut up!
And move it!
I'm driving.
JOHNNY: Flame on!
Okay, we're now officially enemies
of the United States of America,
Victor is out there somewhere
with unlimited power,
and we've got a giant intergalactic force
that's about to destroy our
planet in less than 24 hours.
Did I miss anything?
REED: I've got a lock
on Victor's energy trail.
He's headed over Southeast China.
Hang on.
Norrin Radd.
What?
I was once called Norrin Radd.
Norrin, we're gonna need
your help to save our world.
Do you understand?
-Whoa!
-What the hell was that?
Victor, the board
is drawing the destroyer here!
You have to give it up!
You know, I've never been
the giving type, Reed.
Hold on.
(screams)
-We're sitting ducks!
-We're gonna have to split up!
-What?
-This ought to be fun.
REED: Stay close to me, Sue!
He's really pissing me off!
Surf's up, metal head.
Victor, only the Surfer
can stop the destroyer!
But he needs his board!
-Come and get it, Richards.
-Victor!
Let's all go for a spin!
(grunting)
-(screams)
-(people screaming)
(shouting in Mandarin)
(moaning)
Norrin!
Catch.
(grunting)
Sue!
Oh, my God.
Sue. Sue.
-Oh, God.
-Johnny, don't touch her.
(coughs)
-Oh, God. Oh, God.
-You need to find a way to get the board.
-Sue, I--
-Okay?
(rumbling)
He is here.
Reed.
Victor's got to have a pulse emitter
linking him to his board.
We take it out, we can separate
him from his board.
-He's too strong for me.
-I could whale on him,
if I could get close enough.
But he could see me coming
from a mile away.
It would take all of us.
Or maybe just one of us.
We don't know
what it could do to you.
Let's not make this about me.
(rumbling)
To quote a friend of mine,
it's clobbering time.
(gasps)
(grunts)
(straining)
(grunting)
(growling)
You ain't going down fighting, kid.
Not without me.
(rumbling)
(people chattering)
You've got to go.
Treasure each moment with her,
and tell her she was right--
We do have a choice.
(wind roaring)
Thought you could use a hand.
Oh, my God.
(rumbling)
(screaming)
Why isn't it working?
We were too late.
I will no longer serve.
This is the end for us both.
(roaring)
(roaring stops)
(electrical crackling)
Hi.
-What'd I miss?
-(chuckles)
(laughing)
(chuckles) Hey! Hey!
-He did it.
-Great job, kid.
Whoa, whoa.
Hey, wait. I'm not changing.
-Hey, that's right.
-(laughing)
Great! Oh, okay.
-Now you're making me uncomfortable.
-Sorry.
So, I guess this is it.
We all go our separate ways.
-No.
-No?
If it wasn't for the team,
the whole world would be gone by now.
We can't run away from
our responsibilities
and the people we need to protect.
-This is who we are.
-That's what I've been saying.
What about having a normal life, a family?
Who says you have to be normal
to have a family?
So you up for another
media circus wedding?
-Fifth time's the charm.
-(sighs) No.
(chuckles)
I've got a better idea.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today
to join Reed Richards
-and Sue Storm together--
-(PDA beeping)
in holy matri--
-(beeping)
-(whispers) What is it?
Venice is sinking into the Adriatic.
Oh, boy. That's a biggie.
Could we just skip to the end?
-Yeah, uh, the love these two share--
-No, the very end.
Yeah, great.
Uh, you have the rings?
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
And you may kiss the bride.
(chuckles)
-Okay. We should get out of here.
-Yeah.
-Got to go, hon.
-Okay.
I have to throw the bouquet.
Ready?
(women giggling)
(women screaming, laughing)
Heads up, Johnny.
(fire roaring)
Sorry.
Reflex.
(women laughing, chattering in Japanese)
Subtitled by:
Axium Digital, Inc.